Rodney Shupe

Software Development Leader who led multi-national teams delivering large-scale
and high availability solutions.

Accomplished technology leader with a successful track record of leading
multinational teams, and delivering large-scale, high availability, high-value,
innovative software solutions. Extensive experience in streamlining processes
to bring value and generate efficiencies. Skilled in project management,
specifications gathering, business analytics, troubleshooting, and the entire
software development lifecycle under a variety of different methodologies. Key
strengths include relationship building and a strong customer focus.

Reported to the Vice President of Platforms overseeing the management and
maintenance of APIs for Product Licensing and Configuration, servicing front
end systems utilized by over 100,000+ customers and 50 million consumers
monthly.

Reported to the Vice President of Enterprise Systems and was responsible for
strategic and tactical direction of self-service functionality for the
enterprise integrating legacy applications and CRM and ERP systems. These
systems reduced the load on human call centre agents in both Sales and
Customer Service capacities increasing the company's ability to scale.

Teams were responsible for internal software serving the entire MOVE Inc.
enterprise, for CRM, Order to Cash, ERP, HRIS, Finance and fulfillment. This
included internally built applications as well as third party apps (PeopleSoft
Financials, Siebel, etc.) and involved a multi-million dollar budget. These
systems handled billing for the main company vertices and handled more than
$200 million in billings annually.

Software development team responsible for internal CRM, Order to Cash,
Fulfillment and Reporting systems serving one of British Columbiaâ€™s Top 25
software companies, and the world leader in real estate sales and marketing
software.
